Psalm 95 oh come let us sing to the Lord
let us shout joyfully to the rock of our
salvation let us come before his
presence with Thanksgiving let us shout
joyfully to him with Psalms for the Lord
is the great God and the great king
above all gods in his hand are the deep
places of the earth the heights of the
hills are his also the sea is his for he
made it and his hands formed the dry
land oh come let us worship and bow down
let us kneel before the Lord our maker
for he is our God and we are the people
of his pasture and the Sheep of his hand
today if you will hear his voice do not
harden your hearts as in the rebellion
as in the day of trial in the wilderness
when your fathers tested me they tried
me though they saw my work for 40 years
I was grieved with that generation and
said eva's of people who go astray in
their hearts and they do not know my
ways
so I swore in my wrath they shall not
enter my rest